---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixcloud_loadbalancer Resource - terraform-provider-ixcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ~> This resource is currently in a beta stadium.
  This resource represents a LoadBalancer. At the moment only layer 4 load balancer are supported. Layer 7 will be available in a future release.
---

# ixcloud_loadbalancer (Resource)

~> This resource is currently in a beta stadium.

This resource represents a LoadBalancer. At the moment only layer 4 load balancer are supported. Layer 7 will be available in a future release.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ixcloud_loadbalancer" "lb" {
  name                   = "ThisIsMyLB"
  application_group_name = "APP_A"
  fqdn                   = "mylb.domain.local"
  environment            = "DEV"
  max_throughput         = 15
  owner                  = "hans.mueller@inventx.ch"
  port                   = 22
  backend_servers        = [
    {
      address = "mybackendhost.domain.local",
      port    = 443
    }
  ]
  tags                = ["terraform"]
  organizational_unit = "ABC IX Management"
  cost_center         = "IX Management"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_group_name` (String) Specify your application (Jira, OWA, ...) / server category (SQL, MySql, ...). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `environment` (String) The environment of the LoadBalancer. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the LoadBalancer. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `max_throughput` (Number)
- `name` (String) The name of the LoadBalancer. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `owner` (String)
- `port` (Number) The port of the LoadBalancer. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

### Optional

- `backend_servers` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backend_servers))
- `cost_center` (String)
- `custom_properties` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_properties))
- `health_monitor` (String)
- `internal` (Boolean) If the LoadBalancer is internal or external. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `layer` (String) Can be one of the following values: Layer4 Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `load_balancing_algorithm` (String) Can be one of the following values: RoundRobin, LeastConnections, Custom
- `organizational_unit` (String)
- `persistence_mode` (String) Can be one of the following values: ClientIp
- `resource_group` (String)
- `tags` (Set of String)

<a id="nestedatt--backend_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backend_servers`

Required:

- `address` (String)
- `port` (Number)

Optional:

- `resolved_ip` (String) If the address cannot be resolved by our dns server you can define here the ip address manually


<a id="nestedatt--custom_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_properties`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


