---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ixcloud_managedinstance_mysql Resource - terraform-provider-ixcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource represents a managed mysql instance.
---

# ixcloud_managedinstance_mysql (Resource)

This resource represents a managed mysql instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ixcloud_managedinstance_mysql" "mydb1" {
  name                = "db1234"
  instance_type       = "MYSQL8019CE"
  network             = "network1234"
  sla                 = "Silver"
  database_name       = "mydbname"
  user                = "username1234"
  pw                  = "securePassword1!"
  location            = "DCSG"
  patch_week          = "Third"
  patch_day           = "Thursday"
  maintenance_window_start_hour = 3
  owner               = "hans.mueller@inventx.ch"
  cost_center         = "ABC_IX_Management"
  organizational_unit = "ABC IX Management"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) Name of the database. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `instance_type` (String) Managed instance type such as what Database Type and what version. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `location` (String) Which data center to use. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `name` (String) Name of the Managed Instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `network` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `pw` (String, Sensitive)
- `sla` (String) The Service Level Agreement (SLA) to be enforced when provisioning this resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `user` (String) Username for the Managed Instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

### Optional

- `addons` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addons))
- `backup_days` (Number)
- `cost_center` (String)
- `custom_properties` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_properties))
- `hardware` (String)
- `maintenance_window_start_hour` (Number) The start hour of the maintenance window in 24-hour format (0-23).
- `no_backup_justification` (String) Justification for not having backups
- `organizational_unit` (String)
- `patch_day` (String) The day of patching as a text value
- `patch_week` (String) In which week the patch will be applied
- `release_level` (String)
- `resource_group` (String)
- `storage_class` (String) The storage class to be used for this resource. This limits the IOPS of the storage.
- `tags` (Set of String)

<a id="nestedatt--addons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addons`

Optional:

- `security_classification` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addons--security_classification))

<a id="nestedatt--addons--security_classification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addons.security_classification`

Optional:

- `client_identifying` (Boolean)
- `protection_class` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--custom_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_properties`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


